Release Notes for 2.0.0-preview4 release (#572)
dotnet/SqlClient: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)

## [Preview Release 2.0.0-preview4.20142.4 ] - 2020-05-21

### Added
- **Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.runtime** is now the new dependency for Microsoft.Data.SqlClient (.NET Core and .NET Standard) on Windows, that replaces the old library **runtime.native.System.Data.SqlClient.SNI** [#570](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/570)
- The new **Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.runtime** dependency adds support for *ARM* platform alongwith already supported *ARM64*, *x64* and *x86* on Windows [#570](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/570)
- Improved driver performance by introducing managed packet recycling [#389](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/389)

### Fixed

> - Fixed `SqlBulkCopy` to work with database columns containing metadata about sensitivity classification [#568](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/568)

Author: I think sensitivity classification is one term, I looked here before: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/t-sql/statements/add-sensitivity-classification-transact-sql?view=sql-server-ver15

> - Fixed `SqlBulkCopy` to work with database columns containing metadata about sensitivity classification [#568](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/568)

Reviewer: I updated my suggestion to just "data classification".

- Fixed unsafe cast in `SqlException` for `SerializationEntry.Value` 
- Fixed null reference exceptions in `SqlDelegatedTransaction` methods [#563](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/563)

### Changes
- Standardized connection string properties for enhanced user experience [#534](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/534)

> - Improved performance by reducing eventsource tracing related allocations from TVP write methods [#557](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/557) [#564](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/564)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved performance by reducing eventsource tracing related to allocations from TVP write methods [#557](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/557) [#564](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/564)
```

### Breaking Changes

> - For .NET Framework applications consuming **Microsoft.Data.SqlClient**, the `SNI.dll` files previously downloaded to `bin\x64` and `bin\x86` folders are now renamed to `Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.x64.dll` and `Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.x86.dll` and will be downloaded to `bin` directory, to support auto-loading in application process [#570](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/570). This change is not going to impact client applications unless a direct reference has been made to `SNI.dll` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For .NET Framework applications consuming **Microsoft.Data.SqlClient**, the `SNI.dll` files previously downloaded to the `bin\x64` and `bin\x86` folders are now named `Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.x64.dll` and `Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.x86.dll` and will be downloaded to the `bin` directory, to support auto-loading in the application process [#570](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/570). This change is not going to impact client applications unless a direct reference has been made to `SNI.dll` or the x86 and x64 folders.
```
